# REGFILE
## Name
Danilo Rincon Camacho
## Description of Design
The register file contains 32 register, each holding 32 DFFs that were instantiated using the dffe_ref. Within each DFF, q was the output of whatever bit value was stored in the DFF, d was the input of whatever bit of the greater write value we want to write, clk is the clock, en is the enable bit, and clr is the control input to clear the DFFE to store the value 0. The enable bit is calculated within the register module as it the output of anding the write enable bit for that specific register and the clock. The write enable bit for each specific register is calculated outisde the register but within the register file. The ctrl_writeReg wire(which specifies which register we want to write into), is put into the decoder module, which performs bit shifting on a 32 bit number originally set to 1, and based on the ctrl_writeReg value it will shift the single 1 bit across the 32 bit integer to the desired index of the 32 bit number. Each bit in this 32 bit number is anded with the ctrl_writeEnable input bit and tied to the write enable input for each register. The specific bit in the 32 bit number is indexed to its corresponding register. For example, the value of the 6th bit in the 32 bit number is sent to the and gate which then goes into the we input for register 6. Since only 1 bit in this 32 bit number has value 1, while the rest have value 0, it is guarenteed that only one register will have its write enable input on high. The outputs from all 32 registers were then sent to 2 32-input muxes, one which used the ctrl_readRegA input to select the desired register we want to read from and send out of the register file, and another which used the ctrl_readRegB input to do the same for another register whose value we want to send out. 