# multdiv
## Name
Danilo Rincon Camacho
## Description of Design
I executed booths algorithm for multiplication and restoring division algorithm for division. Within the multiply module, I used a 65 bit register to store the 65 bit number that at first stores 0s on its 32 MSBS, the multiplier on the next 32 bits, and the implicit 0 on the LSB to start out booths algo. I also have a 32 bit register that latches the multiplicand. The output of the 65 bit register is put through logic on its 2 LSBs to determine whether to add, subtract, or do nothing(in the case where we do nothing I simply added the 32 MSBs of the productOut wire with 0 so that it stays the same). I inputted the 32 MSBs of the productOut register into an alu that is the same as the one I created for the alu checkpoint except it does not output isLessThan or isNotEqual signals. The output of the ALU replaces the 32 MSBs previously in productOut wire and the entire 65 bit wire is arithmetically shifted right 1 and stored back into the 65 bit register. This keeps occuring until the counter counts up to 32, at which point we have shifted through the entire multiplier and have our product ready. The counter consists of 5 tffs wired sequentially to each other so that they act as a binary counter starting at 000001, then 000010, all the way to 100001, at which point 32 clock cycles have passed. Within the division module, I used a 64 bit register to store remainder and quotient of the module(rq), in which the 32 MSBs are 0s and the bottom 32 bits store the unsigned dividend. I converted both the dividend and divisor to their unsigned version, used logic on their original MSBs to determine whether the final product should be positive or negative, and used that wire as a terniary operator to decide whether to ouptut the unsigned quotient that naturally comes from the algo or output the complemented version, which is calculated by using an ALU to subtract 0 by the unsigned quotient to get the signed negative quotient. The algorithm closely followed the flowchart in lecture 9 slide 9, where we first shift left RQ, then subtract R = R - divisor, check whether that result is negative, and if its negative restore the original R and change the LSB of Q to 0, and this keeps going until the counter reaches 32 clock cycles passing, meaning we have shifted through the dividend. 
## Bugs